Release 1.11.0 (#1157)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

##  v1.11.0 (02/08/2020)

**Common**

> * Added API to the `olp::cache::DefaultCache` to get or set the size of the mutable cache. Now you can increase or decrease the disk cache size in runtime (note: the elements are evicted).

Reviewer: I would split this as it is also a getter for the protected cache size, not only for the mutable cache.

```suggestion
* Added API to the `olp::cache::DefaultCache` to get or set the size of the mutable cache. Now you can increase or decrease the disk cache size during runtime. Please note that when setting a smaller size then the current size, the eviction of data will be triggered which can take some time.
```

> * Change `olp::thread::ThreadedTaskScheduler` to move tasks instead of copying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed incorrect `olp::thread::ThreadedTaskScheduler` behaviour to copy tasks instead of moving them.
```

> * Fixed the incorrect reset of the `olp::client::CancelationContext` in the `olp::client::TaskContext` that could lead to the resource leaking and unexpected network requests cancelation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the incorrect reset of the `olp::client::CancelationContext` in the `olp::client::TaskContext` that could lead to resource leaking and unexpected network requests cancelation.
```

> * Update the lookup API endpoint from `in.here.com` to `sit.here.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the lookup API endpoint for `here-dev` partitions from `in.here.com` to `sit.here.com`.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

* Fixed the data races inside prefetch operation that could lead to double callback or no callback at all.

> * Change prefetch cancelation behavior. Now when the running requests is canceled, you can distinguish which tiles were downloaded and which were canceled.

Reviewer: I consider this a bug fix. So it should be:

```suggestion
* Fixed prefetch cancelation behavior for both `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` and `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient`. When canceled before this fix user will not know the status for each tile, in particular, that were canceled and only received the status for the tiles which succeeded or which failed with an arbitrary error.
```
